Absolutely impossible,
Absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible,
Absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely not possible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible, absolutely impossible,
Absolutely impossible,
Although young, he is benevolent and courageous
Assassination of Dijun
No one understands it anymore
Yeah I'm never too deep
yes i am always good
Lord Dijun, please spare me
I'm quitting now
I don’t want to do it anymore now. I won’t accept it if you try to change it.